Forking: A fork is a copy of a repository. Forking is basically copying any public
    repository from GitHub of someone to your GitHub (it is copying from remote repo to
    another remote repo). 
Why forking: Forking a repository allows you to freely make changes without affecting
    the original project. Usually, people want to fork a publicly available repository because
    they want to contribute to someone else’s project or want to use someone’s project as the
    starting point for their own.
● What happens after forking? Forking without the need to make changes to the forked
    repository is useless. The very reason of forking someone’s project is because you want to
    contribute to the project my making changes. Once you forked someone’s repo, it will be
    saved in your GitHub. In order to make changes to the repo, you will need to:
▪ Clone: You will need to clone it and make it available in your local computer so
    that you make changes
▪ Commit: Make changes and commit the changes
▪ Push: Push the changes. Note: pushing the changes here means, the changes will
    be pushed to the remote forked copy found in YOUR GitHub. It will not be pushed
    to the original git repo. If you want to send the changes you made to the original
    repo owner, you will need to send a pull request. 
Sending pull request: This is to tell the owner of the project that you wish to publish the
     you made into their repo. Steps to send a pull request:
▪ Go to your GitHub and then to the forked project. You will see the change you just committed
▪ Click on “pull request” and then click on “new pull request”
▪ You will see a pull request opened with a box to write a comment/note to state
    what changes you made. Write your note and create a pull request
Merging a pull request: Once you send a pull request to propose that changes you've made
    on your branch, the owner of the repo needs to accept your pull request in order for the
    changes to be added to the original repo. If the owner is happy with the changes, she/he
    will click “Merge Pull request”. By default, any pull request can be merged at any time,
    unless the head branch conflicts with the base branch