Bash: It is an acronym for Bourne Again SHell which is a command-line interface
(CLI) and is currently the most widely used shell.
● Bash is a type of shell (CLI) that we can use to communicate/instruct our
    OS. Meaning, we use Bash when we want to control our OS without
    having to navigate menus, options, and windows within a GUI
● Whatever we can do with our mouse to communicate with our OS, we can
    do it with from our terminal by running Bash commands without the need
    to use our mouse to navigate through our computer

Why are we learning Bash and Bash script for this course?
▪ As web developers you should learn one of the shell scripts, be it Bash, Command
    Prompt or PowerShell for the following reasons:
● Great control over your operating system: There are commands that
    you can’t use with your mouse and keyboard, but you can achieve these
    commands only via shell.
o Example: changing permissions on a certain file, listing all files
    including the hidden files, server administration for a local server
    setup like Apache/MySQL and most importantly running multiple
    commands at once (command to change your directory/folder and
    then listing files in that folder)
● The piping feature on bash is what makes it super special: The Pipe (|)
    is a command that lets you use two or more commands at once such that
    the output from command serves as an input to the next.
o Example: cd classFolder | ls -lt | head
▪ cd changes the direcrory/folder
▪ ls -lt, lists all files/folders in that directory in order of time created.
▪ head command prints the first 10 lines of the specified files.
▪ So, in the above example, we are saying “please change
    to the classFolder, list all files and folders in classFolder
    and from the listed files and folders, only show me 10 of
    them” in one command line
● There are web developer tools which operate through shell only: There
    are software/application can’t be download and installed in your computer.
    Thus, understanding shell commands will be very helpful in such cases
o Example: A package from Node Package Manager (NPM) can’t
    be downloaded and installed using your mouse. You will need to
    install every package manually using npm commands on your
    terminal window. In addition, you will need to use npm
    commands to update (all packages at once or one by one), build
    or know the versions of your packages,
● Better utilization of the Git Version Control tool: You will need your
    shell command experiences to use the Git commands as well. There is a
    desktop application created to make Git use easier. However, there are a
    lot of Git functionalities that still require the use of Git commands from
    your terminal.
● For local backend development: The front-end languages live in the
    browser, so there are no extra installations required. However, any
    backend programming language can run on your server and there is no one
    language that lives in your server. Therefore, you need to install the
    backend language you want on your computer in order to get them
    running. Therefore, a backend developer (regardless of the language) will
    need to know a shell script during framework installation process or while
    setting up your computer’s environment. In your case, you will need a
    shell scripting knowledge for setting up your own local server on Node.js
o Example: initiating your local Node.js server, keeping your server
    running (with the nodemon command), installing
    modules/packages
● What do we need to write Bash script?
▪ You need to have a terminal to write bash script on.
▪ If you have a Mac computer, you can use the default built-in terminal on your Mac.
▪ For Windows computers, you can applications such as GitBash and Cygwin.
● Git Bash comes included as part of the Git for Windows package.
● If you have not downloaded and installed Git, please download and install
    Git for Windows here, just like other Windows applications.
● Once download completes, go to your downloads folder and find the
    included .exe file and open to execute Git Bash
