Object
The Object type represents one of JavaScript's data types. It is used to store various keyed collections and more complex entities. Objects can be created using the Object() constructor or the object initializer / literal syntax.
Description
Nearly all objects in JavaScript are instances of Object; a typical object inherits properties (including methods) from Object.prototype, although these properties may be shadowed (a.k.a. overridden). The only objects that don't inherit from Object.prototype are those with null prototype, or descended from other null prototype objects.

Changes to the Object.prototype object are seen by all objects through prototype chaining, unless the properties and methods subject to those changes are overridden further along the prototype chain. This provides a very powerful although potentially dangerous mechanism to override or extend object behavior. To make it more secure, Object.prototype is the only object in the core JavaScript language that has immutable prototype — the prototype of Object.prototype is always null and not changeable.

Object prototype properties
You should avoid calling any of the Object.prototype methods directly from the instance, especially those that are not intended to be polymorphic (i.e., only its initial behavior makes sense and no descending object could override it in a meaningful way). All objects descending from Object.prototype may define a custom own property that has the same name, but with entirely different semantics from what you expect. Furthermore, these properties are not inherited by null-prototype objects. All modern JavaScript utilities for working with objects are static. More specifically:

Function
The Function object provides methods for functions. In JavaScript, every function is actually a Function object.

Constructor
Function()
Creates a new Function object. Calling the constructor directly can create functions dynamically but suffers from security and similar (but far less significant) performance issues to eval(). However, unlike eval(), the Function constructor creates functions that execute in the global scope only.

Instance properties
These properties are defined on Function.prototype and shared by all Function instances.

Function.prototype.arguments 
Deprecated Non-standard
Represents the arguments passed to this function. For strict, arrow, async, and generator functions, accessing the arguments property throws a TypeError. Use the arguments object inside function closures instead.

Function.prototype.caller 
Deprecated Non-standard
Represents the function that invoked this function. For strict, arrow, async, and generator functions, accessing the caller property throws a TypeError.

Function.prototype.constructor
The constructor function that created the instance object. For Function instances, the initial value is the Function constructor.