MySQL Overview: MySQL is a widely used Relational Database
    Management System (RDBMS). It's renowned for being free,
    open-source, and suitable for applications of various scales, ranging
    from small projects to large enterprise-level systems.

Node.js and MySQL: Powering Database Operations
    With Node.js, you can leverage SQL queries to interact with a MySQL
    database seamlessly. These SQL statements enable the execution of specific
    actions like creating tables, inserting data, retrieving information, updating
    existing records, and deleting entries. By integrating Node.js with MySQL,
    you gain a powerful toolset to manage your database efficiently within your
    applications.

    Working with databases using NodeJS: MySQL driver and
    connecting with MySQL database using Node
● MySQL Driver: Bridging MySQL with Node.js
○ A MySQL driver serves as a crucial intermediary, allowing seamless
    communication between a MySQL database and a Node.js
    application. Typically, developers rely on third-party modules
    installed via npm to establish this connection.
○ npm Module for MySQL: npm i mysql2
● Connecting to MySQL Database from Node.js
○ 1. MySQL Configuration:
■ In MySQL using phpMyAdmin, first create a database and set up
    user credentials (username and password)

2. Install and Import MySQL Module:
    ■ Use “npm install mysql2” to install the MySQL driver.
    ■ Import the MySQL module within your Node.js application.

3. Create a Connection:
■ Utilize the “createConnection” method provided by the MySQL
    module. Pass the database credentials (such as host, user,
    password, and database name) as an object

4. Connect to the Database:
■ Employ the “connect” method to establish the connection
    between your Node.js application and the MySQL database.
const express = require("express");
const app = express();
// STEP - 2 : Import mysql2 after installation
const mysql = require("mysql2");
// STEP - 3 : Pass Credentials to the createConnection method
const connection = mysql.createConnection({
host: "localhost",
user:
"Exact-Info-You-Used-When-Creating-The-User&DB",
password:
"Exact-Info-You-Used-When-Creating-The-User&DB",
database:
"Exact-Info-You-Used-When-Creating-The-User&DB",
});
// STEP - 4 : Connect to MySQL DB
connection.connect((err) => {
if (err) console.log(err);
else console.log("Connected to MySQL");
});
app.listen(3001, () => console.log("listening on port 3001"));


Creating Tables in a Database: Using SQL's CREATE Statement
    The “CREATE” statement in SQL is fundamental for establishing a new
    table within a database. It defines the table's structure, including its
    columns and their respective data types.
● CREATE Statement Syntax:
○ The syntax for creating a table using the “CREATE TABLE”
    statement involves specifying the table name, its columns, and their data types.
○ Syntax:
    ● CREATE TABLE table_name (
    ● column1 datatype,
    ● column2 datatype,
    ● column3 datatype,
    ● ...
    ●
    ● );
○ Example:
■ Suppose you're creating a table to store information about users
    in a database:
    CREATE TABLE users (
    user_id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
    email VARCHAR(100) UNIQUE
    );

Explanation:
    ● “CREATE TABLE” initiates the creation process of a newtable.
    ● “users” is the name of the table being created.
    ● Columns are defined within parentheses:
○ “user_id”: An integer column designated as the
    primary key and set to auto-increment for unique
    identification.
○ “username”: A column for storing usernames,
    restricted to 50 characters and cannot be empty (NOT
    NULL).
○ “email”: A column for storing email addresses, limited
    00 characters and ensuring uniqueness (UNIQUE).

Inserting Data into Tables using SQL's INSERT Statement
    The “INSERT” SQL statement is crucial for adding new data entries into
    existing tables within a database.
● INSERT Statement Syntax:
○ To insert data into a table, you use the “INSERT INTO” statement,
    specifying the table name and the columns where you want to insert
    data, followed by the “V ALUES” keyword with the actual values to
    be inserted.
○ Syntax:
    INSERT INTO table_name (column1, column2, column3, ...)
    VALUES (value1, value2, value3, ...);
● HTTP Method for Data Insertion in Node.js:
    ○ In Node.js, the HTTP method typically used for data insertion is
    “POST”. This method is employed to send data to the server to
    create or update resources, making it suitable for inserting data into
    databases.
● Enabling Data Insertion for the app:
○ 1. Create a Frontend Interface:
■ Design an HTML page featuring a form that interacts with the
backend.
■ Use the “<form>” tag within the HTML page to collect user input.
○ 2. Form Attributes:
■ Set the form's “action” attribute to the route in your Node.js
    backend responsible for handling data insertion (“POST”
    method).
■ Use the method="post" attribute to specify the HTTP method as POST.
○ 3. Retrieving Data in Node.js:
■ Utilize middleware in your Node.js application to handle
    incoming form data (“req.body”).
○ 4. Executing the SQL:
■ Pass the incoming data received from the frontend with the help
    of “req.body” to the appropriate “INSERT” sql statement.
    By creating this frontend interface and ensuring proper communication
    between the HTML form and the Node.js backend, our app users can input
    data seamlessly into the database.
Retrieving Data from Tables using SQL's SELECT Statement
The “SELECT” SQL statement is essential for fetching data from tables
within a database.
● SELECT Statement Syntax:
○ To retrieve data, you use the “SELECT” statement followed by the
columns you want to fetch from a specific table.
○ Syntax:
SELECT * FROM table_name;
■ The * signifies selecting all columns from the specified table.

HTTP Method for Data Retrieval in Node.js:
○ In Node.js, the HTTP method primarily used for data retrieval is
“GET”. This method is employed to request data from a specified
resource, making it suitable for fetching data from databases.


Selecting Primary Keys and Using Them as Foreign Keys in
another table:
○ If you are inserting data into multiple tables, you need to utilize
primary keys and foreign keys, since that’s how the tables are
connected. Therefore, you have to select the primary key for the
inserted data and pass it to the other table so it can be inserted as a
foreign key.
○ The following 3 steps explain how you can effectively retrieve the
primary key value and use it as a foreign key in other tables,
enabling relationships between different entities within your
database